docs: improvement in contributing.md (#180)
abelljs/abell: CONTRIBUTING.md

## 🏡 Setup Repository

- ### Step 1: Fork the Repository

>   To contribute to this project, you'll need to fork the repository to your own GitHub account. Here's how:
>   1. Click the "Fork" button in the top right corner of this GitHub repository page.
>   2. A copy of this repository will be created in your own GitHub account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can click "fork" button in top right corner to create a copy of this repo in your account where changes can be made.
```

Can we shorten this to 1 line?

Author: Sure, one line sounds good to me! Thank you for the suggestion.
